docs/README.md, before:

# Compiling drugforge's Documentation

The docs for this project are built with [Sphinx](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/).
To compile the docs, first ensure that Sphinx and the ReadTheDocs theme are installed.


```bash
conda install sphinx sphinx_rtd_theme
```


Once installed, you can use the `Makefile` in this directory to compile static HTML pages by
```bash
make html
```

The compiled docs will be in the `_build` directory and can be viewed by opening `index.html` (which may itself
be inside a directory called `html/` depending on what version of Sphinx is installed).


A configuration file for [Read The Docs](https://readthedocs.org/) (readthedocs.yaml) is included in the top level of the repository. To use Read the Docs to host your documentation, go to https://readthedocs.org/ and connect this repository. You may need to change your default branch to `main` under Advanced Settings for the project.

If you would like to use Read The Docs with `autodoc` (included automatically) and your package has dependencies, you will need to include those dependencies in your documentation yaml file (`docs/requirements.yaml`).

Commit message:

Update documentation (#85)
* change toml files

* delete asap- mentions in docstrings

* Update guides

* update main readme

* update docs readme

* update a few of the tutorials

* formatting

* update documentation on spectrum pt.1

* add all docs building requirements to yaml file

* fix requirements name and docs

* add sphinx reqs back to requirements.yaml

* update docs landing page

* add logo image

* Add files for tutorial to aws

* update spectrum tutorial 2

* add alignment image for tutorial

* changes for tutorial

* corrected mentions of bespoke fit

* Update docs/ecosystem/index.md

Co-authored-by: Chris Iacovella <chris.iacovella@gmail.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Maria Castellanos <castelm3@mskcc.org>
Co-authored-by: Alexander Matthew Payne <alexpayne1997@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Alex Payne <alex.payne@choderalab.org>
Co-authored-by: Chris Iacovella <chris.iacovella@gmail.com>

docs/README.md, after:

# Compiling drugforge's Documentation

For the docs to compile properly, you will need to have the full drugforge environment installed. 

The docs for this project are built with [Sphinx](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/).
To install the needed dependencies, you can run:

```bash
 mamba env update -f docs/requirements.yaml -n YOUR_DRUGFORGE_ENVIRONMENT_NAME 
```

You can then build the docs with:
```bash
sphinx-build -M html DOCS_SOURCE TEST_DIR
```

And examine them with:
```bash
cd TEST_DIR/html
python -m http.server
```

It will give you a local port to view the webpage in your browser.


A configuration file for [Read The Docs](https://readthedocs.org/) (readthedocs.yaml) is included in the top level of the repository. To use Read the Docs to host your documentation, go to https://readthedocs.org/ and connect this repository. You may need to change your default branch to `main` under Advanced Settings for the project.

If you would like to use Read The Docs with `autodoc` (included automatically) and your package has dependencies, you will need to include those dependencies in your documentation yaml file (`docs/requirements.yaml`).
